{"WillowTree": {"empReview_23378836": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "People are always willing to help out and listen to your ideas. Everyone is nice, helpful, smart, and they trust you to make good decisions. Leadership is open and willing to listen to how you think WillowTree can be a better place to work.The employee resource groups are a really great support system. I'm able to be out at work and I'm really grateful to work here.", "cons": "I think the process for allocation needs to be refined, but I think that we're taking steps to improve it.", "date": "2018-11-12"}, "empReview_23246734": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Smart, talented, caring, fun peopleEmployees are valued and respectedWork-life balance is respectedInteresting work; interesting clientsGrowth opportunities are abundantCuriosity and continual learning highly promoted (1 class per year, plus ongoing innovation opportunities)Core values encourage a high level of collaboration, trust, and respectFast growth but deliberate strategies to keep the culture", "cons": "Growth is hard and it's easy for communication to break down. A flat organization is nice but people can get left out.", "date": "2018-11-02"}, "empReview_23086544": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Everyone is so nice and supportive -- and smart. You're given a lot of autonomy and are allowed to do as you please. Also, cool client projects, and an exciting future for the company!", "cons": "Too many snacks in the workplace, easy to gain weight. Just kidding, I love WillowTree.", "date": "2018-10-23"}, "empReview_22980347": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- transparent and experienced leadership- teams of highly-engaged, talented individuals who care about their craft- a growing portfolio of big clients who trust us to do innovative things- significant year-over-year growth that brings big new opportunities for everyone", "cons": "not a con, but a challenge - managing the evolution of the company culture as it grows. There is a clear focus from the executive team on never losing sight of that and during my short time here, things have only gotten better.", "date": "2018-10-16"}, "empReview_22920640": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Free breakfast once/wk- Free lunch twice/wk- Lunch once/wk is supplemented with a presentation \"lunch and learn\"- The other lunch is at a restaurant of your choice with your team- Board game club (with dinner included for free)- T-shirts, t-shirts, t-shirts (swag in general)- Relaxed company attire and culture- Project based teams- Located in Charlottesville, VA (not a city)- As many peer/supervisor one-on-ones as you want- Monthly education budget- Library of really good books- 401K/HSA + 50% company match- Stock options- Standing/sitting desks + monitors + macbooks- Work when you want, where you want, as long as its conducive to your team- We hate \"meetings\"- We are brain surgeons, not doctors, not waiters- I'm constantly learning- Company happy hours every Friday (yes, free alcohol)- We have beer on tap, wine and sometimes hard liquor- ERGs- Recruiting rocks- Company all hands biweekly- Referral bonuses- Transparent about pretty much everything", "cons": "- Compensation is average to start (not sure about promotions/retention yet, but I know retention is ridiculously high so I'm staying optimistic)", "date": "2018-10-12"}, "empReview_22909053": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "-Transparency from the exec team-Extremely collaborative environment-Plethora of knowledge that everyone is willing to share-Celebrations of the positives, all the time-Constant encouragement to try new things-Core Values are not just something that were written and posted on the company's page. This is engrained in everyone's day-to-day activities", "cons": "-Growing pains: Cville team is spread over a few different locations, but all within walking distance. This will be addressed soon with the new space", "date": "2018-10-11"}, "empReview_22889770": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is experiencing exciting growth, which creates a lot of opportunity for everyone. Management operates in a very honest and transparent fashion, which is a breath of fresh air from prior jobs. Colleagues are thoughtful, curious, passionate, and committed to their respective craft. The business has embraced a set of Core Values (each of which resonate with me) that really shape the overall culture.", "cons": "The Charlottesville team is currently dispersed across multiple locations - though they are all within walking distance of each other, it does split up the overall company day-to-day. Our move in 2019 to a new campus should fix this, which is exciting.", "date": "2018-10-10"}, "empReview_22871209": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "1. Work/life balance2. collaborative people around you3. Follows new technology standards", "cons": "I don't see any till now.", "date": "2018-10-09"}, "empReview_22639051": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Executive team is authentic and sincere- they want to do right by their people and truly value input and feedback from all team members.WillowTree honestly stands by the Core Values we (all employees, not just management) developed and agreed on and works these core values in to everything we do. It's not just some corporate initiative or a list of aspirational goals; WillowTree takes the time to invest in their team members and help them uphold our core values.We openly talk about challenges we are facing within projects or teams, and then work together for solutions. You don't just have to \"suck it up\" if something's not working. People are open to new ideas.", "cons": "We've got some growing pains with having to be in a few different office spaces, but there is an awesome fix on the horizon!", "date": "2018-09-24"}, "empReview_22608986": {"rating": "2.0", "pros": "- Great Location (downtown mall in Charlottesville).- Pizza every Wednesday.- There actually are some smart people who work there in development.- Pay is average for the area and the size of the company.", "cons": "- Executives don't seem to care about most employees. (If multiple people say \"I don't think the CEO likes me\" there's a problem.)- Some executives seem extremely unqualified for their jobs.- Attempts to make company more diverse aren't working and actually alienate people more.- Long hours (even though work/life balance is preached).- Clique mentality amongst principles is rampant and means if you aren't in their favor, you might not get on the good projects.- Promotions are seemingly based on popularity.- Company has keggerators in all the offices and happy hours every Friday leading to a heavy drinking culture and fraternity atmosphere.- Tons of developers right out of college which affects product quality. This also means there is a very immature community.- Management skills are valued above technical skills in terms of promotions. This often manifests itself in people who are less technically skilled being promoted over others. This has seemingly lead to people in leadership positions who make uninformed technical decisions under the guise of \"seniority\".", "date": "2018-09-22"}, "empReview_21838692": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "1. Everyone who works here is awesome to be around. I spend 8 hours with them and then go hang out with them more after work because they're so awesome. Not only are they awesome but they also care a lot about their craft and take pride in what they work on.2. You will learn a ton working here. Everyone is constantly trying to stay on top of new technology, discuss best practices, etc. People are very generous with their knowledge. There is also a big focus on mentorship to spread knowledge around.3. Flexible hours, flat hierarchy, no micromanaging. Lots of trust and freedom are given which produces great results.4. Lots of variety in terms of projects. Also, very big name clients which is cool.5. Charlottesville and Durham are great cities.6. Management is very approachable and tries very hard (successfully) to make it a fun and fulfilling place to work.I could keep going", "cons": "The cities have relatively low cost of living compared to say NYC or the bay area, so your salary will probably not be as high as it could be elsewhere.Allocation has been somewhat tricky lately which means it's hard to pick what project you are on or move off of a project quickly if you don't like it. Management is trying to remedy that though.", "date": "2018-08-06"}, "empReview_21427440": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Amazing work culture with a strong focus on professional development. Flexible work hours and a lots of learning opportunities like Lunch and Learn, Innovation Time, and a paid conference once a year. Team lunch, Game Night, and Happy Hour every week are great opportunities to socialize and connect with coworkers. Good benefits and plenty of PTO. Great management and mentorship programs as well. All around a really great place to work!", "cons": "None that I can think of", "date": "2018-07-11"}, "empReview_21415067": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The best thing about WillowTree is the energy in the space. I work among the most positive and talented people I have ever met. They inspire me to do my best work at all time. I don't ever feel like I'm solving a problem on my own.", "cons": "We have the same problem as any scaling company \u2013 our connection grows thin and it's a bit harder to keep up with what everyone is working on, what everyone's working style is, and what they're good at to find the right help.", "date": "2018-07-10"}, "empReview_21415116": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Friendly work environment- Great mentorship program for new hires- Open about what's currently happening in and around the company- Good work life balance- Plenty of opportunities for learning new things- Even though it's my first full time job, I did not feel like I was being treated any differently from others on my team who had been there a while.", "cons": "- Can sometimes be tight space wise but the company is working on it.", "date": "2018-07-10"}, "empReview_21179637": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Being surrounded by smart people pushes myself to be the best I can be. Growth of the company creates opportunities for employees to advance.", "cons": "Have to be careful about work and personal life balance. It\u2019s easy to work more.", "date": "2018-06-23"}, "empReview_21011961": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Since joining WillowTree in 2015, I've grown tremendously both personally and professionally. I came from a large, multi-national corporation where opportunities for growth were often blocked by bureaucracy and several levels of management. When I came to WillowTree I was able to take on more ownership and felt my work was making an impact. I've been exposed to many parts of the business and have grown so much. No matter your role or team, you have the opportunity to get involved with company-wide initiatives and push yourself beyond your day-to-day job responsibilities. To me, this is invaluable for my overall career trajectory. For example, I'm passionate about diversity and inclusion. WillowTree is the first company I've worked for to recognize the importance of creating a diverse and inclusive culture and actively seek ways to improve the workplace. They truly care about everyone's well-being and growth.Other pro's:-Fully paid annual conference (I got to go to Seattle + NYC for 2 conferences I've always wanted to attend, but couldn't justify the cost or PTO if done by choice)-Fun company-wide events (annual company-wide summit, summer + holiday parties, Spirit Week)-\"Always be improving\" mindset. This is the first company I've worked for that doesn't say, \"That's just how we've always done it.\" Instead, they encourage you to put together a plan and execute if things are inefficient or no longer working.-Health benefits (they pay for 100% of the premiums for team members)-Flexible working hours (although they encourage being onsite for collaboration, I've never felt I couldn't take the time I needed to take care of myself)-Weekly 1:1's (WillowTree doesn't do annual reviews, instead I meet with my manager weekly to get feedback and address issues in real-time)-Exposure to new technologies and clients-Sense of community (lots of team lunches, ERG's, ladies lunch, etc)-Location (I love being in the heart of downtown Durham and being able to walk outside to grab lunch or coffee)-Cold brew and kombucha on tap-Core values (every day I try to apply them to my work. It pushes me to be a better person. I know it sounds cheesy, but I appreciate a company always pushing everyone in the company to be a better person for yourself and for others).", "cons": "Since I started, the company has gone through a lot of growth. We are facing some space constraints, but there is a light at the end of the tunnel. The company is addressing it and really excited about future plans to design spaces to fit our workflows.", "date": "2018-06-12"}, "empReview_21050100": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Money time off coworkers are great", "cons": "Nothing to complain about. Great place to work", "date": "2018-06-14"}, "empReview_20530306": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Personal responsibility, management that listens.", "cons": "There are quite a few challenges with the explosive growth we've had in the past.", "date": "2018-05-10"}, "empReview_20148679": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The leadership is dedicated to the happiness, success, and growth of every single employee. The teams are filled with kind, enthusiastic, and highly skilled individuals. Your growth is directly connected to your desires, goals, and dedication with actual mentors to who provide support, encouragement, and help you build a path to those goals.WillowTree is a family focusing on open communication, actual autonomy, and champions the best idea no matter who it comes from. They care about employees and strive to train before every seeing a family member leave. However, they also understand that life is about doing what works for you and support fellow \u201ctrees\u201d in their pursuit of happiness and experience.WillowTree is by far the company so many other companies should seek to mimic. Which is fun because WillowTree has pulled together principles from so many other companies in diverse industries to create their core values.Without a doubt this is the greatest company I have worked for!Support - The company wants you to be happy. If you think you\u2019d be happier in another role, they\u2019ll help you out together a game plan to get there.Benefits - Stocked Kitchens, 401K matching, competitive salaries, gym reimbursement, and so many more!Clients - We work with some of the biggest names in almost every industry!Leadership - The leadership team is hands down one of the greatest.Teams - Highly skilled, intellectual, and efficient teams.The list goes on! Just apply already!", "cons": "No Remote Work - To some, remote work is a desire. WillowTree prefers teams to work in the office to communicate more effectively and work more efficiently.Sick Days - Due go billing, sick days aren\u2019t really a thing without taking PTO, however, you may work from him if you\u2019re sick, have a table being delivered, or need to take care of a sick kid.That\u2019s it so far.", "date": "2018-04-13"}, "empReview_20286162": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "You\u2019ll work on lots of projects that matter and learn a ton from it.", "cons": "Anyone good enough to get hired and be effective here could make 2-3x the salary by moving to a major tech hub. Join for the location, lifestyle, product experience, and brand names... not the compensation.", "date": "2018-04-24"}, "empReview_19875176": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "-Great culture-Given multiple responsibilities-Talented coworkers-Opinion is valued-Excellent benefits", "cons": "Space is small but we are moving into a new, larger building before the end of the year", "date": "2018-03-26"}, "empReview_18988895": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Great, exciting environment with lots of office perks.", "cons": "UAT tasks are monotonous.", "date": "2018-01-30"}, "empReview_18818672": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The nicest and smartest people you can work with.Be able to switch between projects every 6 months, just keep the excitement coming!Upper management try very hard to maintain a healthy environmentIf you want to grow fast, this is the placeCompany encourage employee self improvementGood work-life balanceflexible hours as long as deliver on timeThe most pleasant working environment i have ever worked in.", "cons": "Pay is low compare to similar position in other companySometimes too much excitement and distractions make people hard to focusSwitch between projects can be hectic for individual and team, especially in the middle of crunch timeManagement try their best to create a culture to ensure employee feel included, however, sometimes it is too much burden on individuals and not quite realistic.", "date": "2018-01-19"}, "empReview_19050105": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "Great people, nice office space, and an inclusive environment.", "cons": "Communicating with folks from the other office sometimes made things difficult.", "date": "2018-02-02"}, "empReview_18729925": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Challenging projects and getting to work with brilliant people (who are actually nice people too!) are some of the highlights of working at WillowTree! Each and every single day I look forward to getting into work and making an impact. The core value of Ownership isn't just a buzz word on the website, it's baked into nearly everything WillowTree does as a company. Whether you've been with the company for 3 months or 3 years, you're completely encouraged to take ownership, ranging from things like owning a feature of a project or leading a new research effort.WillowTree does a fantastic job of caring about their employees and constantly getting feedback from everyone at the company, whether it's for large-scale company wide initiatives or something much more minor.There are so many additional positive things that contribute to WillowTree being an amazing place to work, but to name a few:- Family-like culture- After work events- Flexible hours- Snacks & paid lunches", "cons": "Besides normal growing pains, hardly anything to complain about!", "date": "2018-01-14"}, "empReview_18573993": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I love working here because everyone is encouraged to pursue whatever they want to. It's super fun going to work every day to work on some of the best apps out there, some new emerging tech stuff, or figure out a way to make something better/", "cons": "The rapid growth and expansions have had some growing pains, but everyone has been super chill and open to feedback.", "date": "2018-01-04"}, "empReview_18723816": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "Cville is consistently voted one of the places in the US with the highest quality of life. I would say living here feels almost European, especially if you constrain your daily existence to the downtown area. I love living here. The only piece missing piece has been a great place to work. For years I thought that was just the trade -ff for being able to live and start a family here. Since being at WT, its sometimes been hard not to kick myself for finding a way in sooner! At WT, everyone you work with cares: about their craft, about the finished product, and about their teammates. At WT everyone tries. Problems don\u2019t fester. If you commit to the work, which is challenging, it is impossible not to learn and grow here. Family friendly. Invested in the social good via giving and heavily discounted rated to non-profits. Good pay and benefits.", "cons": "Not incredibly diverse, but management is tackling this issue with tact and determination. Sometimes culture skews towards the sophomoric. Depending on your projects, work/life balance can get erratic for a bit.", "date": "2018-01-14"}, "empReview_18476593": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people are kind and easy to work with. The culture is great; the core values are taken seriously and are well thought out. There is a lot of thought put into ways the work environment can be made better for team members. There are a lot of opportunities to learn and take on different responsibilities to grow your career.", "cons": "It's a shame to be split between buildings in Charlottesville, but I appreciate that the company is working toward a solution that would allow everyone to work in the same place.", "date": "2017-12-26"}, "empReview_18432291": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Amazing people. Everyone is nice, humble, and receptive to feedback and critique.- Smart people. I'm not just talking about smart. I'm talking about NERDS. In a good way. We love tech (duh), and the people here geek out over the next big thing in the industry. The people here definitely help foster a culture of pushing the technology stack forward.- Teams move fast. I haven't been here for very long, but compared to other tech companies I've worked at, the small autonomous team structure certainly works.- Located in the heart of Charlottesville right on the downtown mall. Ever need to clear your head? Just go for a walk on the pedestrian mall.- Fast growth. It's a double edged sword (which I'll discuss in the cons), but it means business is good, and no one is going to get laid off anytime soon (I hope).- Awesome C suite. Super approachable people. Warm and welcoming and funny.- Snack, drinks, food. It's impossible to be hungry here. And we have high end snacks, too. Not any of the crappy stuff. And kombucha. 3 different flavors that change monthly!- Work life balance is great. Teams and coworkers are super understanding if you need to work from home when life gets in the way.", "cons": "- Diversity. It's hard to change quickly, and obviously this is Charlottesville, so as of now it's a pretty white company. Would be great to get some more minority representation here, and I know management is working on it.- Unallocation. Because projects are contract based, you don't really know what you're going to be put on next, and sometimes, the unallocation (or downtime) could be a while.- Not a dog friendly office (this is a huge premium though). A ton of people here have dogs, and it would be great if we could bring them to work.- Different office buildings. I know I'm beating a dead horse, but I can't wait for when we move under one roof. Right now, it's about a 5 minute walk from building to building, which is a bit hectic.", "date": "2017-12-20"}, "empReview_18440831": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Cares about the employees and listens to / expects candid and direct feedback.Good compensation and benefits.Good career opportunities and growth for good performance.Focus on Diversity and Inclusion is great!", "cons": "The hard focus on Inclusion and Diversity can also cause some fear of saying or doing something that might offend someone the slightest. I personally don't feel I can be myself at all times.Work-life balance can tough at times for some departments and core reason should be investigated to ensure healthy and happy employees.", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18441921": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I decided to make a career change and started at this company with very little experience. I was nervous about being able to keep up with everyone in this fast-paced field. Fast forward one year and I am absolutely astonished at how much I have learned. The people here seem to reciprocate the energy and excitement that emanates from the rapidly evolving tech world and everyone is continuously eager to achieve and learn more. The best part about this flow of energy is that it's infectious. This insatiable hunger for knowledge may seem intimidating at first, but as long as you aren't afraid to ask questions and are willing to be a part of that culture, you will have no problem succeeding here.Putting day-to-day operations aside, those same people I previously mentioned are some of the most caring and humble people I have ever met. WillowTree places an enormous emphasis on hiring the right people and I believe they hit the mark every time. I've never had to eat lunch alone or felt like I couldn't reach out to someone for help with something inside or outside of the office and that goes a really long way when you're moving to a new city without knowing many people.The benefits here are impressive (multiple lunches per week, healthcare, retirement, stock options, fully stocked kitchens, competitive pay, etc.) which just adds to the long list of reasons why I love working here. I will be with this company for many years to come and I look forward to being a part of what makes it successful.", "cons": "The company is growing quickly and there are obvious headaches that come with that but I think management has done a great job of being receptive to feedback and implementing solutions to help with this growth.Certain departments seem to feel the brunt of this growth more than others.", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18407010": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- It's not just a corporate line - WT cares that you are constantly learning new things and will allow you the time and effort to invest in yourself while you're working there.- All the people you work with are AMAZINGLY smart. There are no slouches here. And everyone is willing to teach you what they know.- Collaborative atmosphere - lots of pair programming and knowledge sharing- Good benefits - included medical insurance, 401k match are nice perks for a company this size- Opportunities to advance - there are plenty of chances to move up or make lateral moves into other parts of the organization", "cons": "- Durham office sometimes feels like the redheaded stepchild of the organization - Although management has taken strides recently to improve this situation, it's still tough to work in the Durham office when the entire leadership team - and most of the employees - work 3.5 hours away.- Amount of PTO - we work very hard, every day, and it would be great if we had the opportunity to rest and recharge more often", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18451355": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- work with smart, motivated, talented people- work on co-located teams, but have flexibility to work remotely when necessary (e.g., need some solo heads-down time, appliance delivery, animal's vet appointment, sick kid home from school)- learning, experimenting and growing your skillset is encouraged- autonomy in getting the job done (as a team and individually)- opportunities for individual career growth- execs are available, present, and approachable", "cons": "- four separate offices in Charlottesville- fast pace of growth can make some things feel reactive rather than proactive", "date": "2017-12-22"}, "empReview_18452051": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "There are two things that stand out about this company that is above and beyond anywhere else I have worked and makes me love this place. The first is that everyone here, even at the top of chain of command, is committed to making the best products we can. It is a culture here. On every project I have been on the team has this goal so ego's and preferences do not get in the way of the team coming to the best solution for the client.The second is how this company is more than just a job, it is a community. There are planned events such as food and drinks after work on Friday, fun trips such as the whole company seeing a movie and team lunches where you get to know your team better. On top of these planned events there is always something impromptu going on. Board games at the office, a happy hour on the walking mall or everyone bringing their dog to the dog park.My two main reasons help the company stand out above and beyond any other job so there are other reasons why this company is just great in general:Fosters an amazing learning environment with specific time in the week just for learningGood compensation and benefitsGreat work/life balance", "cons": "Multiple offices is not ideal, we are planning to get everyone in one space soon and I can't wait!", "date": "2017-12-22"}, "empReview_18440494": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "We have a variety of projects to work onWe focus on growth and take an active role in helping not only in your career goals with the company but your overall goals as wellWillowtree also has a constant focus on overall company growthI like that everyone loves each other, kind of like a company full of just friendsIts a fun and open environmentDiversity & Inclusion are important to Willowtree", "cons": "I haven't seen anything i would consider a con yet", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18440621": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "+ I honestly feel like I have a voice here+ The environment has a very cozy start up feel+ All of the employees working here are legitimately very kind individuals+ Lots of people with lots of different backgrounds+ Encouragement to succeed and constant feedback provided as well as the tools to better yourself as an employee and an individual", "cons": "- Being in the heart of downtown durham, the traffic in the morning is less than ideal. The downtown location is quite nice once you arrive.", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18441660": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I've worked at other tech companies that try to have a positive culture (with varying degrees of success), so I was cautiously optimistic joining WillowTree.I've been surprised at how great WillowTree really is. Unlike other places I've worked, they do back up their claims of having a positive culture.Pros of working here:- Helpful, competent co-workers.- People are motivated and inquisitive, eager to learn about their jobs and tech in general.- Management is open to input. I've made comments about concerns I've had, and leadership took it seriously and addressed it. That's pretty unusual!- Super interesting projects for nationally known brands. You can work on exciting emerging tech platforms. And everyone is welcomed to contribute new ideas, regardless of seniority or role.- Work/life balance is good for me. (Others seem to have varying experiences with it.)- Excellent benefits and pay.- This year the leadership has undertaken a Diversity & Inclusion initiative. It seems to be a sincere effort to make everyone feel included, and it's being done smartly.- Also this year, they've stepped up training for managers, which I think is really important.- The company is growing like crazy. No worries about layoffs or job security.", "cons": "- Some locations are not wheelchair-accessible. Thankfully, the company is taking steps to fix this problem.- There are a few people who experience pressure to work longer hours. This seems to depend on project and job function.", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18442212": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is a great place to work, full of very smart people solving all kinds of real problems and making mobile apps for clients including several large and well known companies. The company does a good job not only of identifying core values (including craftsmanship, flow, ownership, optimism, communication, partnership and golden rule), but consistently working to uphold them, which I feel is both very important and usually lacking. Part of this is a focus to eliminate unneeded middle management - turns out, when people are empowered to work in ways that suit them and get into flow, they can produce great things.The work environment is casual and team-centered, with the understanding that people need time to get into 'flow', that state where they become one with their work and loose track of time as they create. To this end, there are a number of work settings, from open team spaces to individual booths, so people can get into the environment that best supports their work habits. A lot of effort is done to keep meetings (and required attendees) to a minimum and block off time for flow. This is nice and prevents engineers from being constantly pulled from one meeting to the next without any time to develop. Projects are team-focused, bringing together designers, developers, testers and project management to the same space.The company fosters a continuously learning environment via paid for conference attendance and several internal weekly learning sessions.Compensation and benefits are top notch (for the area). Yes, the absolute value of compensation is less than what might be expected in the valley or NYC, but Charlottesville, VA and Durham, NC are much much less expensive to live in (and, you won't spend half your life in traffic!) In addition, the company provides lunch twice a week and other social team-building events.Senior leadership tries very hard to be both highly engaged and highly transparent. It's also a big plus (to me) that the company is not publicly traded. Therefore, leadership can (and does!) spend a lot of time, effort and resources making WillowTree a fantastic place to work without being beholden to shareholders clamoring about value and the bottom line.Overall, a great place to working with highly motivated smart people making fantastic software that is used by real people.", "cons": "Well, location is a pro and a con. Although I consider it a pro, it's true that it isn't San Fransisco, Seattle, New York or Boulder.The company is growing fast. I think it's done a good job thus far of avoid major growing pains as it expands, but that's always a possibility.", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18441796": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "* Management actually does care about improving conditions for workers* Open environment in which communication is encouraged* Supplies workers with the resources and autonomy needed to solve problems", "cons": "* You will be busy", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18442397": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "You are surrounded with smart people who like to share their knowledge. People respect to each others opinions. The environment is really friendly.", "cons": "There are currently three Willowtree buildings in charlottesville and sometimes you need to walk from one to another one for a meeting.", "date": "2017-12-21"}, "empReview_18406779": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Huge push for diversity and inclusion, not only in spirit but in action.Feeling of belonging and family (at least in my experience in Durham)Interesting and challenging projects with plenty of opportunity to learnAmple opportunity to teach and mentor as well, taking on leadership roles", "cons": "Some of the process behind the scenes is rough, but always being worked on (specifically tech processes, such as builds)Client work means tight deadlines and often results in some rush or crunch timeVesting and matching on 401K can be improved, but for a company of this size it is standard (or above standard)", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18406923": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Great teammates and coworkers. Exciting work and projects both greenfield and legacy apps. Amazing company culture and an open executive team.", "cons": "Multiple office locations might be starting to take it\u2019s toll, but the executive team is already working on getting us to a single campus.", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18407516": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "\u2022 This company puts a ton of trust in its employees\u2022 Work with some of the smartest people I've ever met\u2022\u00a0Employees are constantly encouraged to learn and advance in their careers\u2022\u00a0Design-led\u2022 Durham is a super cool spot to live\u2022 Lots of internal groups/clubs to join", "cons": "\u2022 Can feel overwhelming sometimes, but if you embrace it you'll excel", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18407581": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "CollaborationCommunicationOwnershipNo micromanagementUnlimited snacks (good snacks, and a range of healthy to indulgent)Fun eventsSocialHappy hoursDiversity and InclusionExcellent benefits package - to include ACAC subsidies, pet insurance, and excellent health insurance plansThis, by far, is the best company to work for. They are innovative, and constantly working towards creating a great team, an excellent product, and always growing - not just in numbers, but in a professional development manner. Honesty and openness are a huge part of the culture, and everything from the weekly lunch & learn sessions to the lavish holiday parties show how we work hard, but we also play hard. Don't come to work here if you just want to milk a paycheck - you have to dedicate yourself to the company, but that doesn't mean you don't have work/life balance - because you definitely do! Ample PTO time and the ability to flex your schedule for when needed.", "cons": "Too much food makes it hard for me to work on my weight loss program;)", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18408224": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Incredible, thoughtful culture that is actively working on inclusion and diversity. Lots of opportunity to grow, good leadership, and the opportunity to work on large impactful projects.", "cons": "Being in small city in central Virginia means that it is not particularly diverse. The company lacks a larger sense of shared vision and purpose. Did I mention diversity?", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18409428": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Outstanding core values, leadership that cares, great environment for learning and improving.", "cons": "Probably not a good fit for those interested in primarily working remotely.", "date": "2017-12-19"}, "empReview_18216660": {"rating": "2.0", "pros": "- The coworkers are nice and almost always open to doing fun things outside of work.- The work does not appear to be slowing down, so it seems like they'll be in business for a while.- I think the CEO truly does care about the company, even if it's now beyond his ability to fix.", "cons": "- If you want to do challenging work as an engineer, this is the wrong place to do that. You'll spend more of your time on \"optics\" than you will developing your skills. Engineering is arguably the best department in the company, but it's still a bad company for engineers.- One day you'll realize that the reason you're so stressed is because you're putting in a lot of work for projects that really aren't that interesting. The stress is mostly manufactured because there isn't much that's inherently difficult about the work. You put some labels on a screen and try to keep the client from freaking out unnecessarily. Not a great job if you're trying to solve problems that are actually interesting.- There is an enormous gap between what management thinks WillowTree is and what it actually is. They have tried to create a culture of openness, but it is entirely too late. There are lots of people who are terrified to say anything, and I don't see this changing.", "date": "2017-12-05"}, "empReview_18113286": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Craft your job and make it your own", "cons": "Easy to over committ to a lot of projects", "date": "2017-11-29"}, "empReview_17724668": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Some of the most down-to-earth people I've ever met in the Tech industry work at WillowTree. Cool, fun, energetic, the college-town, outdoorsy vibe permeates the company.", "cons": "Some of the clientele can be a struggle to deal with, but this is just the nature of WillowTree's work.", "date": "2017-11-04"}, "empReview_17028577": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is an amazing place to work. There are a lot of pros, but here are the ones that matter most to me:* Coworkers: WillowTree hires high caliber people, in every sense of the word...everyone is highly skilled and willing to work hard. My coworkers all seem to have this \"sixth sense\" where they always know what needs to be done and how to achieve it. Management knows this, and we have very little formal process because of it. As an aside, most people at WillowTree are genuinely interesting people, so I don't have to look far for social activities.* Mobility: WillowTree is growing fast, and new roles and positions are always opening up. There is no manager bias or friction when someone wants to switch departments or change their responsibilities...we have had testers become PMs, PMs become BAs, engineers become salespeople, and everything else in between. If you like where you work but have outgrown your role, don't worry, there is always another opportunity within the company.* Autonomy: You will always be given as much guidance and mentorship as you need, but employees are encouraged to manage their own time. I like to come in early and work in the dark\u2026others show up at 10am and stay much later than I do\u2026as long as you are available for your team when they need you, you are free to schedule your day as you please. Flow is heavily emphasized at WillowTree, and people respect each others time. If you have a doctors appointment or delivery at home, you are free to take off and do what you need to do.* New Tech: \u201cMobile\u201d software has evolved a lot since WillowTree was first founded, and WillowTree does a great job of keeping pace. Unlike a lot of companies that just have a \u201cVR booth\u201d in the corner of the cafeteria, we are actually shipping software on the latest emerging tech\u2026There is even a dedicated group of people who research and develop on new hardware.* Client Roster: As a services company, we have clients in media, healthcare, field services, hospitality, and everything in between. Because of this variety, it is hard to get bored with your client work. Management is good about periodically rotating people off of long term projects, for the benefit of the employee and the project. Plus, it is cool to work on apps that you actually use as a consumer.* Access: We work on popular apps for very large companies, so we have the highest level of access for developers\u2026Apple and Google care about us, our apps are often featured, and we have experts in every field that work here. Basically, if it is possible, WillowTree can do it.* Office politics: There aren't any. The rumor mill is quiet, and if you want to know something, just ask\u2026people will shoot you straight. Tobias is VERY transparent, and you are given ample opportunity to communicate with him or anyone else on the exec team.* Location: Downtown Charlottesville is an amazing place. I walk to work, walk to lunch, walk everywhere! The lifestyle is so great\u2026I can\u2019t imagine starting my day with a 30 minute commute. I have visited the Durham office several times (WillowTree pays for interoffice trips), and I imagine the lifestyle is quite similar to Charlottesville.* Teams: WillowTree is very serious about putting teams of smart people on projects. When you are on a project team, you sit in a room with your teammates, you have lunch with them, and you are fully immersed in your project. This sense of unity fosters camaraderie and ultimately leads to a better product. We even celebrate product launches with t-shirts and other swag.If you want to build awesome software without the process or politics of a larger company, this is the place for you.", "cons": "We are growing so fast that we have had to expand to temporary satellite locations in Charlottesville (~3 minute walk from HQ). This isn't as bad as it could be since we keep projects together, but it would be nice to see all of my coworkers more often. Tobias has a long-term plan to consolidate us within the next year or two, and I know we are all looking forward to that.", "date": "2017-09-26"}, "empReview_17324359": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Smart and nice people, cool projects, great work environment", "cons": "Some projects deal with legacy code", "date": "2017-10-12"}, "empReview_17145747": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Love working at WT. We don\u2019t just rest on our laurels but are always striving to stay out in front. We don\u2019t just accept things because \u201cit\u2019s always been that way\u201d but rather everyone is looking for better ways to do everything whether it be processes, languages, prototyping design tools, or tech.Work life balance is more than just the hours. We also have fresh fruit included in the snacks, a voluntary fitness program to inspire each other, and meditation times. These may seem small, but the attention to detail means the people who run the company are thinking holistically.The shared desire for everyone at the company to help each other improve is so refreshing. WT gets that we are all at different skill levels coming in and we all work to improve those skills. I feel like I can both give and receive constructive feedback because we share the goal to always get better. If I receive feedback I don\u2019t feel scared about my job but instead feel that someone cares enough to help me to grow professionally and personally. I genuinely feel I have grown professionally and will continue to do so for many years to come.", "cons": "Conference rooms are generally not big enough to hold a full platform meeting. Would be nice to be able to meet where everyone could be at the table and heard especially by the remote teams.", "date": "2017-10-03"}, "empReview_17087902": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I came to WillowTree with a little over 10 years of industry experience and working here has been super satisfying. I work with smart passionate people and I learn new things everyday. In fact, my team members are really what makes this place so great. I enjoy the level of individual responsibility and appreciate being able to make an impact on our business . As a former single mom I have also really appreciated the flexibility that WillowTree offers. I plan to be here forever:)", "cons": "Not really a con, but looking forward to having everyone in the same building in Charlottesville, I know that is coming soon:)", "date": "2017-09-29"}, "empReview_17125404": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Highly creative, smart and driven people. Much of the staff could be working at any major product company if they wanted but they choose WillowTree and Charlottesville. The employees truly love what they do. They would be at home developing or designing even if they were not being paid to do so.THE CLIENTS (HBO, Nestl\u00e9, Fox, CBS Sports, etc)", "cons": "Rapid growth sometimes means tight working quarters and uninspiring spaces, but they are the in process of addressing this in a huge way, so stay tuned!", "date": "2017-10-02"}, "empReview_17067415": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is a great place to work. You're given a lot of autonomy on projects to find the best solutions, given (mostly) free reign to try new approaches and architectures without too much oversight, and encouraged to play with new technologies.Experienced developers are free with their knowledge and love sharing what they're working, problems they've encountered, and discussing solutions to hard problems.There's also lots of opportunities for fun, with social events on a shared calendar, movie nights, board game nights, games at lunch, team lunches, lunch and learns and the like.Additionally, WillowTree is constantly pushing itself to grow, both in terms of the technologies it uses and obviously the amount of business it gets. As a result, it's also constantly pushing everyone who works there to grow as well.", "cons": "WillowTree is growing incredibly quickly, and its suffering real going pains trying to figure out how to balance they're desire to be very individual focused, flat organization with the need for more supervision and direction. To the point that there's no consistency in expectation between teams or with how different teams Having to deal with this uncertenty and inconsistency can be incredibly frustrating.With that said, WillowTree is still constantly open to feedback (eventually) and just how its constantly pushing employees to learn, its constantly learning itself.Also, walking between multiple buildings is a pain.", "date": "2017-09-28"}, "empReview_17003681": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "\u2022 Great benefits. Management is always reviewing and listening to feedback on what the benefits are.\u2022 Great workspace.\u2022 Heavy emphasis on cultural diversity and inclusion by a management team that really cares and has shown that.\u2022 High visibility and great client list.\u2022 Flexible hours when needed.\u2022 Lots of resources and opportunities to learn.", "cons": "No cons I can think of", "date": "2017-09-25"}, "empReview_16954672": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Recruiting - never felt lost in the process and knew what the next steps would be- Selective hiring process - everyone is very smart and can do their job well- Onboarding - organized, everyone is prepared for new hires the day they start- Leadership - each member of the leadership team takes time to visit the Durham office and each has an opportunity to share at bi-weekly company wide meetings- Culture / people - opportunity for teams to come together with inter-office visits/summits/parties, weekly project team lunch, and social events- Inclusion & diversity - while there are larger proportion of white males as is standard for a tech company, there are a lot of diverse backgrounds and nobody feels alienated or that their voice is not heard- High caliber clients- Mentoring - weekly 1:1's, defined goals, short and long term mentors defined by department- Open communication - the CEO holds AMA sessions and shared learnings on how to conduct crucial/difficult conversations to help employees feel comfortable giving constructive feedback to anyone- Perks - yearly conference budget, fair pay, lunch provided twice a week", "cons": "- There could be more transparency at times, such as when things don't work out with an employee. I understand that it is to protect their privacy, but the lack of concrete reasons could make other employees fearful that it could happen to them.- In client services, work/life balance can be difficult at times because of deadlines. However, leadership does make a point to acknowledge and thank people for going above and beyond.", "date": "2017-09-21"}, "empReview_16902216": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "This is a great company to work for. The people are so friendly and genuine. The culture is unlike anything I've experienced professionally.", "cons": "Having multiple offices can sometimes be a struggle, but I know we're working on moving to one space.", "date": "2017-09-19"}, "empReview_16905461": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree provides an environment where from day one team members are empowered and given the tools to do their job. In addition to normal job functions there are many opportunities where team members can make an impact or learn something new. Some of these things are educational (lunch n learn talks, makers lab) and other things are social, such as sharing a hobby with colleagues, movie nights / family movie days, lunch games, fitness challenge, kickball, summer picnics, happy hour etc. The benefits are always being reviewed / updated, some of the benefits include 6 weeks of paid parental leave + 6 weeks paid birth recovery for new mothers, a mothers room, great medical / dental / short term and long term disability options, gym subsidy, a paid conference each year, sabbatical leave.", "cons": "Work life balance can get a bit hectic at times, especially with rapid growth, however, management is listening and takes action by hiring additional resources to keep up with the demand.", "date": "2017-09-19"}, "empReview_16740918": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is a very welcoming place and great for developing one's career. There are many opportunities to challenge yourself and pursue short-term and long-term goals. The people here are so friendly and willing to help and there is a good balance of work and social life. The projects are interesting and it is a great feeling knowing you're working on something for a client who will use the product and distribute it to its users. I highly recommend working here!", "cons": "None that I can think of", "date": "2017-09-09"}, "empReview_16434031": {"rating": "3.0", "pros": "-Culture-Pay-Charlottesville-Small sized company- The People", "cons": "-Inept Mangament-Very political for a tech company", "date": "2017-08-19"}, "empReview_15615367": {"rating": "3.0", "pros": "- Great work perks, including: a new MacBook, official company happy hours every Friday, amazing company-hosted holiday / summer parties, weekly lunch-and-learn lunches, comprehensive healthcare options- Positive energy and passion to create top mobile / digital products that everyone can be proud of. The brands, clients, and products that WillowTree works with are truly amazing- Amazing diversity, with regards to openness to LBGTQ community and levels of formal education- Most days will be truly enjoyable and engaging", "cons": "- Inconsistent experiences across departments between development, QA, PM, UX, Business, Admin teams - all depending on who is leading that team- Genuine fear of losing job is common every day, as colleagues are let go silently left and right. Often the way to find out is either through whispers from the grapevine or by discovering that a colleague is no longer available to message via slack. No official word is shared. Former colleagues who are let go frequently site being blindsided, with no explicit feedback or opportunity to improve \"poor performance.\" Being seen with former colleagues sheds a negative light on yourself, so meetings and hangouts with former colleagues are conducted quietly and out of sight.- Not extremely diverse, with regards to race & gender", "date": "2017-06-24"}, "empReview_15551075": {"rating": "2.0", "pros": "- Great benefits- The people (most of them)- The technology- The autonomy", "cons": "- Patriarchy- Upper leadership / management (in general)- Over-inflated egos (mostly on leadership, mostly of the male variety)- Projected company image versus reality- Narcissism is often the rule, not the exception\u2014it's also rewarded.", "date": "2017-06-20"}, "empReview_15671129": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Love the team I work with - super tight group- Flat organization- Transparent", "cons": "None that I can think of.", "date": "2017-06-28"}, "empReview_15328418": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Below are only a couple of reasons why I love WillowTree:\u2022 We have company wide happy hours every Friday.\u2022 Management is very easy to talk to and open to new ideas.\u2022 Great ideas are heard from everyone, no matter their title.\u2022 Working hours are not strict. You are trusted to get your work done.\u2022 One paid conference every year.\u2022 I can trust everyone on my team to pull their own weight.", "cons": "Below are the cons of working at WillowTree:", "date": "2017-06-04"}, "empReview_15194992": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "With this being my first full-time job after college, it's hard to compare WillowTree to other companies but I know this place is incredibly special.- Passionate, smart and friendly people- Great benefits (fun sponsored events, flexible hours, working from home, good paid time off, healthcare and more, lunches, beer & kombucha on tap)- Work for some of the biggest Fortune 500 Companies in the US & Europe- Learn A LOT and get pushed by your teammates to become better- Safety and freedom to explore and try new things", "cons": "Sometimes the work-life balance can be hard (it's also hard to stop working sometimes when you love what you do) but that balance could be said for any company in the creative field. WillowTree is BUSY which makes it hard on the team sometimes but busy is good because it means we are growing rapidly.", "date": "2017-05-24"}, "empReview_15495482": {"rating": "2.0", "pros": "You get a sweet MacBook Pro. The in-office perks are substantial: cold brew coffee and beer on tap, generally pleasing decor, snacks, etc. There's an endless amount of company swag. Every Friday afternoon is an official in-office Happy Hour.If you go on a trip, you'll probably have nice accommodations, eat decent food, drink a lot, and have a good time. The summer party and holiday party are lavish and fun. You get a free conference trip per year.The brands you'll work with are typically large, well known, and prestigious. You might get to work with cool tech, like game consoles, VR, and AR. You'll feel a real sense of pride in your work when a project ships and your app is in the store. WillowTree wins all sorts of awards and you will be part of that.Most (not all) of your day to day project coworkers will be enjoyable and fun to work with.", "cons": "Where to begin.A lot of people are unsure if they will have a job at the end of the week; employees you worked with yesterday may not be there tomorrow. You'll be nervous every time you get called into an unexpected meeting with a member of the exec team, and that's if you have the luxury of a heads up -- sometimes they're surprise meetings. Given the constant pressure and the lack of feedback of any kind, even good performers have no idea whether or not they're on the verge of promotion or termination.The stress and anxiety is constant; there are severe work-life balance issues. Project deadlines never reflect reality. Commitments are typically unachievable due to lack of manpower, time, or even defined requirements, sometimes all three. If deadlines are remotely possible to achieve, the expectation is a massive, weeks- or months-long crunch time. This isn't just an \"end of the project\" crunch time; it's a \"this entire project is a crunch time\" crunch time. That yearly conference you get? Don't be surprised if you get asked to do work on your project at the same time. I would not want to be a PM here.Part of your job will be learning to deal with the politics in the organization; you\u2019ll learn who should be kept happy and smiled at in the hall, who has the power and who doesn\u2019t, and who you need to avoid at all costs. Hope that you don't get put on an executive's pet project. When an exec or your PM asks you to do something, you'll get good at leaving paper trails.Expect to hear the world \"swirl\" thrown around a lot; don't get accused of causing \"swirl,\" no matter what you do. Oh yeah - if you forget to fill in your timesheet at the end of the week, you'll be publicly shamed for it. (Maybe this is a 'joke' I just never understood?)Burnout is endemic. Expect that you'll sometimes be \"resourced\" to two or three projects at a time. Anticipate getting moved from project to project as one project falls behind faster than another and needs extra bodies to catch up. Make sure you have Snapchat downloaded so you can send and receive snaps of you and your coworkers there nights and weekends.If you're talented enough to work at WillowTree, trust me that you don't have to put up with this. And if you do decide to work here, months from now when you start to question your sanity, try to remember that it's not you.", "date": "2017-06-15"}, "empReview_15694959": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Great coworkers\u2014I get wake up and tackle problems with my friends every day- So much knowledge being passed around, an incredible environment to learn and grow- Opportunity to start making meaningful contributions from day one- Leadership/execs are very accessible, open, and available for genuine conversation- Snacks on deck- No micromanagement- Interesting work- Happy people", "cons": "- Unlimited snacks feeding my snack addiction- Cross office meetings can feel tedious at times with intermittent AV issues", "date": "2017-06-29"}, "empReview_16122273": {"rating": "1.0", "pros": "You get to work with the best clients on the coolest projects. Nothing WillowTree does is ordinary. The work we do with our clients and the level of engagement is great.You will meet some of the best people ever here. Your coworkers will not only push you to be your best at work but will also become close personal friends. I have worked at other cool companies before and I can honestly say that the people I have worked with here the best.Great benefits. This is THE company to work for in Charlottesville. There are cool parties and events that along with compensation and the actual work make it great. (spoiler alert: not worth it)", "cons": "The cons are few but they are very destructive.You will constantly be worried about loosing your job. You will make great friends at WillowTree and when you are not talking about the cool projects you are working on you will be talking about how worried you are you wont be at the company tomorrow. You will develop great relationships with your coworkers and will send the majority of the time talking about how worried you are or how you simply do not trust some of the executives.\"Crunch Time\" is literally all the time. I have worked on projects where my teammates and I have had to come in for long hours multiple weekends in a row. The level of stress combined with the constant fear of loosing your job is terrible.The cons at this company far outweigh the pros.", "date": "2017-07-28"}, "empReview_15203698": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "There are a ton of reasons I love working here! Here are just a few:- Incredible Benefits- There is always an opportunity to step up goals, learn more, and with taking my career path to the next level.- WillowTree prioritizes culture and community more than anywhere else I've been.- Everyones voice matters here, no matter how long you've worked here and what your role is on your team.- Very horizontal company structure. No \"boss\" or \"superior\" breathing down anyones neck or criticizing how people perform.- This is a culture that promotes learning to the highest degree possible.- ALL ideas are taken seriously. I recently expressed my feelings for selecting a number of team members to get involved with an office safety training initiative. This wasn't even a technical initiative, but WillowTree saw my valid concerns and supported this initiative all the way through.Most of all: The work we do here is AWESOME-- Happy people make happy apps.", "cons": "More of a concern than a con-- I love our personable warm environment here. I just hope to preserve the beauty of what makes this company so awesome as we continue to grow.", "date": "2017-05-25"}, "empReview_15148451": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people are wonderful - so kind and passionate about their work. Like the other reviews have said, it makes you look forward to Mondays. I moved to Charlottesville from a big city, and it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. A friendly, beautiful town with a great night life.", "cons": "Like most tech companies, women are far out-numbered by men. The company is definitely working to remedy this, and I hope any women reading this review apply!", "date": "2017-05-21"}, "empReview_15161447": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Working at WillowTree is an amazing experience. The company pushes you to learn and grow. They offer and encourage professional development in all areas so not only do you feel like you're doing meaningful work, you feel like you are growing in your career as well. Another great aspect is trust. No one is looking over your shoulder or demanding to know what you spent your day doing. The company and management trust you'll get your work done and allow you to express yourself the way you feel most comfortable. Lastly, the hours are great. WillowTree understands that people have other obligations outside of work and no one questions you if you have to leave to run an errand or pick up a family member or even for recreational purposes. They just trust that you'll get your work done and that makes coming here something to look forward to instead of feeling like having to go to work.", "cons": "Nothing. Everything is great here from the people to the work to the environment.", "date": "2017-05-22"}, "empReview_15015856": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Under our CEO Tobias Dengel, WillowTree has created a truly incredible place to work. The quality of the culture and the interesting, cool, socially conscious people dovetail perfectly with the creativity and flow of the work product. You can see the enthusiasm in our clients, whose eyes light up when they're in our offices. People are happy to work here and jazzed by what they create and who they create it with., We have a lot of the standard accoutrements of a tech firm -- amazing beer on tap, kombucha on tap, snacks, happy hours, etc -- but it's the culture of learning and creativity (like weekly \"lunch and learns\") that are the soul of the place.", "cons": "Honestly, there's really not much I would suggest improving.", "date": "2017-05-11"}, "empReview_15003032": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Company culture is pretty awesome and the actions of the exec team support that. Its not just a hollow saying. Lots of projects with well-known clients that are used by lots of people. Always looking forward to early adoption of emerging tech. Empowered to do what your passionate about. Flexibility in working from home. Free healthy snacks in break rooms.", "cons": "401K is on a vesting schedule which I think is a cheap shot.", "date": "2017-05-10"}, "empReview_13809385": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is something special. People here are smart, work hard, and also have fun. Egos are at a minimum. CEO pushes us hard to be the best agency in the world. At first I thought this was hyperbole, but he means it, and I see that we can achieve it. Management emphasizes autonomy. Good work/life balance on the whole. Sure, there are deadlines, it\u2019s an agency, but it\u2019s at a reasonable pace. Company is growing quickly, but in a good way. Team is always trying to collaborate to do something cool and innovative - staying on the cusp of new technology. Amazing to get to work on the caliber of projects we do at a competitive compensation in a setting like Virginia. Love it.", "cons": "Agency life means deadlines. It\u2019s the way it works. Sometimes these are challenging. Management tries to control this as much as possible.", "date": "2017-02-16"}, "empReview_12680411": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Sometimes, you'll hear ukulele music in the hallway. It's hard to be stressed or mad about anything\u2014life or work related\u2014when that's happening.This place has a lot of smart humans under the same roof. That could be a disaster at a lot of other places, but It isn't here because all those smart people also happen to be pretty nice.WillowTree's leadership has always made transparency their aim, but in the last few years they have taken it even more seriously and my respect for them has grown. We have an \"All Hands On Deck\" meeting every Monday morning. At the end of the meeting there is time for an open Q&A session where team members are encouraged to \"Ask anything.\" If you don't want to ask a question in front of the entire team, you can submit it on a Google Doc before the meeting and it will be read off and answered.Variety of work spaces\u2014this is an \"open office\" space. No one has their own office (not even the CEO). WillowTree has worked hard in recent years to provide areas that are more private and quieter for team members who don't thrive with constant activity and noise around them all the time. You can choose to work at your desk alongside your team members or retreat into the peacefulness of a booth.", "cons": "Minor. But florescent lighting is never awesome. (God, I am such a millennial.)While the majority of team members here are awesome, there are one or two snobs in these parts\u2014fortunately, there are enough non-snobs here to keep the snobby snobs in check. And, to be fair, the snobs that are here aren't defined in totality by their snobbery, they are still contributing team members who bring their own unique perspective to problems that come up. So, in the end, I guess it's really not that bad they are here.Occasionally, one or two team members here get a little too power hungry and forget human feelings are, in fact, important to properly functioning workplaces. Fortunately, I'm pretty sure HR realizes who these folks are and does as good a job as they can dealing with them.", "date": "2016-11-15"}, "empReview_12602777": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I get to work with the most talented people I've ever known. Sometimes I think I'm the dumbest one here.The company has a very flat structure, and project teams have a lot of autonomy. The leadership team puts A LOT of thought and effort into making the company a fun, fulfilling place to work.", "cons": "Scheduling can be hectic. Sometimes you don't know what project you're on next until the day it kicks off.", "date": "2016-11-08"}, "empReview_12496786": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Everyone is super cool, the work is intellectually challenging, and there is beer. The founder and CEO have great vision for the company and the location is really nice.", "cons": "Client work can be a struggle. While the company strives to meet its core values at each step, clients are not obligated to which can lead to toxicity.", "date": "2016-10-30"}, "empReview_12474091": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I absolutely love it here! I'm working on really cool projects and I'm having a blast doing it. Everyone here is very open to sharing their knowledge. Everyone really cares about each other. It's a culture I've never experienced anywhere like here.", "cons": "None that I can think of :)", "date": "2016-10-27"}, "empReview_12433010": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Total trust in the team. Super flat management structure. No lame meetings. Smartest and most passionate people I have ever been around. Great projects to work on. Clarity around company goals and values.", "cons": "Only works for people who don't need much direction.", "date": "2016-10-24"}, "empReview_12441090": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Pros: Transparency from Exec team, high level of communication with the company. Everyone strives for excellence in their field. My favorite part of my job is collaborating with such knowledgable and fun colleagues. Work is challenging, colleagues are top-notch, and leadership is capable and approachable.", "cons": "None, I love my job. This is the best place I've ever worked.", "date": "2016-10-25"}, "empReview_12432657": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Coming to work at WillowTree was the best career decision I made. As a non-millennial, I was a little worried coming to work in a office with a bunch of 20 somethings, but those fears were quickly squashed. The employees at WillowTree are some of the best in the business. Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly. Since joining WillowTree, my own development has grown beyond where I thought I would ever be in under a year.The work is fast paced, challenging at times and rewarding. The office promotes team spaces for collaboration. However, WillowTree also understands that work flow is very important and constant interruptions are not good to productivity. It's nice to have a calendar that is not loaded with meetings to setup other meetings.WillowTree also has some great benefits and the office atmosphere afterwork and on Fridays is a blast.", "cons": "Tuition reimbursement would be a great benefit to add in the near future as WillowTree continues to grow.", "date": "2016-10-24"}, "empReview_12434036": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Nowhere else have I found a group more intelligent, charismatic, or easy to get along with. In addition, the perks are many, the atmosphere is energetic, and the work is challenging.", "cons": "The work is not easy or relaxing, if that's what you're looking for, but most of us wouldn't be happy without the challenge anyway.", "date": "2016-10-24"}, "empReview_12437109": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- Great opportunities to work on a variety of interesting projects.- Excellent work atmosphere where the officers of the company are just another member of the team. They sit at a workstation just like everyone else and interact with us more than any other company I've worked for.- Creative ideas are encouraged, received and acted on from anyone and everyone in the company.", "cons": "- Not really a con, but just want to make sure that with the ongoing need to grow that enough thought and planning is put in to ensure that current staff aren't overworked.\u00a0- It would be nice if all Charlottesville employees could be under one roof, but the current two-office situation is being handled well.", "date": "2016-10-24"}, "empReview_12303467": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "There are so many wonderful things about WillowTree, but I really love how adaptable it is as a company. When someone has a new idea, or there is a new challenge or scenario, WillowTree adapts. The people are top notch - I have never worked with brighter or more dedicated people. The executives make time for everyone and are very committed to finding the best team members. Everyone is taken seriously, no matter age or tenure.", "cons": "As the company grows, communication is key. There are times there are some growing pains, but it is getting worked out.", "date": "2016-10-13"}, "empReview_12244402": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- It is amazing how many folks here are very friendly and open to help. HRs have done a great job of picking the best people.- It feels fantastic to work with such talented and smart people!- Constantly learning something new, work never gets boring.- A huge thank you for WillowTree for investing in my education ( in-office training and conferences)- I love the executive team, they are all very approachable and open, easy to talk to.- Having a mentor to help you on your career path is very useful.- Flexible hours is another huge plus for me- Great location, I love Charlottesville and the downtown mall has a lot of nice restaurants- I really like the new adjustable desks and all the work that has been done to improve the office spaces.- I have been working at WillowTree for about a year and a half and the company has introduced lots of positive changes since the day I started. So I see WillowTree getting only better and better in the future !", "cons": "I haven't seen any significant cons so far.", "date": "2016-10-09"}, "empReview_12227451": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree has been a fantastic place to work. The projects are interesting and enjoyable. As a person just beginning my career, WillowTree does a tremendous job of helping me with my personal career growth, both on my projects and with other areas of interest outside of what I might be working on directly. The atmosphere is incredible. People are generous with their knowledge and time, which is really helpful for a person just starting out. The people here are incredibly smart and their dedication to creating, tinkering, and overall excellence is infectious. This environment makes me genuinely love going to work each day.", "cons": "The only con I can think of is no tuition reimbursement for continuing education. Overall though, Willowtree does a great job of taking care of their employees", "date": "2016-10-07"}, "empReview_12267701": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The best part about working here is the people. They're smart, they're passionate about their work, and they're committed to learning how to do it better. There's also a great culture of camaraderie here. We teach each other, help each other, and many of us often hang out together after work. That's not to say that hanging out after work is required; much of our senior staff have families and are able to head home at the end of the work day.I'd say the next best part of working is here the opportunity to learn new technologies. We send people to industry conferences like Google I/O and Apple's WWDC to learn the latest platform developments. We're also constantly exploring new technologies like VR, machine learning, IoT, and anything else that keeps us ahead of the curve.", "cons": "Work here is fast paced and can change quickly. I've been on multiple projects in the past year, which means coming up to speed fast and making big contributions under tight deadlines. It can be stressful and may not be a good fit for everyone.", "date": "2016-10-11"}, "empReview_12249184": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people make this place. The management cares about the employees, the employees care about each other and the everyone cares about the work we do. The location is good and the actual work is interesting... but when it comes down to it, the reason I'm still around is that I'm working with extremely talented individuals who are all working together to make the best products possible.", "cons": "There aren't really many downsides that aren't in other software studios. Sometimes you have crunch time, often you don't.", "date": "2016-10-10"}, "empReview_12253072": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I've been working full-time as a Software Engineer at WillowTree for a little over 1.5 years now. Since my hire date we've essentially doubled in size and opened a sister office in Durham, NC. Overall, the top 3 things that make this a great company for me are WillowTree core values, the work itself, and the people.One of the things that I am most impressed with given the incredible rate of growth at WillowTree, is our Executive Team's vision for the company and the constant evaluation of how to maintain that vision. It's been great to see that as we grow we find ways to maintain a flat structure with enough time and freedom to create without getting bogged down in process and hierarchy. As someone who really despises meetings, red tape, and process, I really appreciate this. I love nothing more than losing myself to a technical challenge in a project for hours at a time.On that front, the work is challenging and the quality expectations are high, but it's really rewarding working with high visibility clients on world class apps and finding solutions tailored to meet their specifications. At the end of the day, I can feel proud of being a thought leader in my field and writing quality code. It's great being able to work with cutting edge tools and frameworks as they emerge and push the boundaries of innovation to see what we can create.The people at WillowTree are fantastic, not only in that they are talented in their respective roles but also in that they are just generally nice people. There is always someone willing to lend a hand if a problem arises that you are unsure how to solve. Additionally, there is such a varied interest among employees that you can almost always find someone to spend time with outside of work, whether that's staying late for anime, playing board games during lunch, playing kickball for WillowTree in the Charlottesville social league, or grabbing drinks at a local bar.When I moved here I fell in love with the mountains and the small college town atmosphere. There are plenty of wineries, breweries, and mountain views to explore outside of work, and working on the downtown mall is really special. It's great being able to take a 15 minute coffee walk, or grab lunch at a local spot downtown.", "cons": "There are a couple downsides to working at Willowtree, mostly due to the nature of client development.First, being in the client dev world we routinely rely on third party APIs which can be challenging. It can be tough coordinating development efforts across partners to meet client expectations. It often leads to a lot of workarounds to get the project rolling while the API development struggles to keep up.Second, depending on the project you can get pulled into quite a few meetings. Again as a creative I try to avoid meetings as much as possible, and as a general rule Willowtree tries to keep meetings to an absolute minimum. However, working remotely with clients can sometimes snowball into a lot of meetings and it can be tough to find dev time to meet deadlines. Usually if I see this happening I let my Project Manager known and they can work to help maximize dev time.", "date": "2016-10-10"}, "empReview_12263996": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Amazing Team - The team working here is passionate, hard-working, fun, talented and committed to what we do. They are always willing to lend a hand and are encouraging of one another.Growth - WillowTree is a fantastic place for growth. They promote from within, encourage professional development (including paying for a yearly conference for each employee), and are open to you creating your own job title. The work is fact-paced and challenging.Atmosphere - The office is very modern, open, and encourages co-working. There are \"booths\" for quiet individual work or small group collaboration as well as conference rooms. The office has many kitchens that are stocked with a variety of snacks and drinks and we have a weekly happy hour on Fridays.Visibility - The executive team has very open visibility with the company. They are available to meet and discuss any comments, concerns, feedback or ideas that you may have. I haven't experienced this at my previous job opportunities and it continues to impress me!", "cons": "Work/life balance can ebb and flow depending on the season, however this is pretty common at most companies.", "date": "2016-10-11"}, "empReview_12263940": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree's work environment is second to none. The attitude of every single employee is a extremely positive and their drive and motivation is reflected in every aspect of our business. The leadership of WillowTree welcomes bold, new ideas and allows all employees the ability to contribute to the firm. WillowTree is in a great position to be a market leader as a technology and digital product specialist and this is clearly due to the top notch talent we've hired as well as the culture we've created.", "cons": "The only downside I can point to is our ability to hire talent fast enough. I want more of what we have and would love to see more people in our Charlottesville and Durham offices!", "date": "2016-10-11"}, "empReview_12227293": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Everyone at WillowTree is friendly and helpful! The people are the main reason why I enjoy coming to work every day. I love what I do and I'm constantly encouraged and challenged to be better. Company benefits are outstanding and they go above and beyond to make sure we're happy and have what we need!", "cons": "Workspaces normally change when projects change which can be a little bit disruptive. I actually don't really consider that to be much of a con since it's pretty refreshing and it helps me to keep my desk things paired down and clean.You get a ton of responsibility and and freedom that comes with a lot of room to mess up which you're held accountable for so it's not for the faint of heart.", "date": "2016-10-07"}, "empReview_12252551": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "We get to work on some of the most awesome client projects with some of the most intelligent and caring people in the industry. I have been here many years and I have constantly been impressed by the quality and diversity of the people I get to work with every day. It makes me truly excited to come to work. The flat management structure also gives everyone here the ability to shine and removes artificial barriers that you sometimes see at other companies.", "cons": "None that I can think of.", "date": "2016-10-10"}, "empReview_12271485": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people at WillowTree truly make the company. Everyone is incredibly smart, motivated, and absurdly friendly. People work hard and play hard, and WT is honestly the first place I've ever worked where I'm sad to take a sick day because I'd rather be hanging out with my coworkers. The leadership are awesome people, too, and treat everyone with respect.", "cons": "Keep up great communication as the company grows. Sometimes simple tasks end up with too many hands involved and there are conflicting messages.", "date": "2016-10-11"}, "empReview_12227588": {"rating": "2.0", "pros": "Ability to work from home. Core hours are open to the group or office.", "cons": "Company is very cliquey and not as open as your facade appears. New company values only hold true for some people. Ideas are met with resistance, ignored or discouraged. Workgroups, meaning bizdev, dev, ux, qa, etc., are treated very, very differently.", "date": "2016-10-07"}, "empReview_12248563": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Everyone that works here was selected for some reason or another. The recruiting team and current employees take fit very seriously during the interview process and I highly appreciate that. It's nice knowing that the person next to you is not only fantastic at what they do, but they're also a good human being with a decent sense of humor. The core hours are good (at both company and team levels) and allow for solid work-life balance.", "cons": "The company culture is nice but it feels like there is a push to keep the culture by sacrificing policies and procedures that would help the company. The ideal within the company values is to not have middle management but people are moved and promoted/given titles that are basically equivalent to middle management but no one wants to state it that way or create procedures that would streamline the top to bottom management to help keep projects moving smoothly. With that, pivoting across positions can be difficult if you're not in touch with the c-levels or principals often.", "date": "2016-10-10"}, "empReview_12250362": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The work was fun and challenging. The people were amazing. I can't speak highly enough about Michael Pritchard and the rest of the management I interacted with. This is a place where you get to build cool stuff, learn cool stuff, and eat a lot of free pizza. It's a special place where you can't help but get excited because people are passionate about their craft.", "cons": "Typical growing pains for a small/medium sized company growing which was pretty minor as management addresses everything quickly. It would be nice if Wednesday lunches weren't always pizza.", "date": "2016-10-10"}, "empReview_12160492": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Opportunities to try anything.Minimal process do effect change.Everyone is trusted with responsibility.Smart coworkers willing to help.Engaging place to work.", "cons": "Can be very intimidating at first.The growth can result in unforeseen challenges.", "date": "2016-10-03"}, "empReview_12170606": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "They allow and encourage growth if you are interested. Awesome snacks. Also, beer:30 every friday.", "cons": "Open seating arrangement so sometimes gets noisy and hard to concentrate", "date": "2016-10-03"}, "empReview_12122473": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The quality of the people, of the work being done and of the environment is all top-notch. There is a spirit of collaboration and of always assuming positive intent that provides for a very low-stress, high-fun and productive work setting.There is a level of autonomy at play at Willowtree that I've never encountered before. Just about everyone is self-managed, meaning there are no managers, performance reviews, etc. Rather, a mentorship program is utilized and folks are encouraged to work with different senior \"mentors\" on the team and to choose one to work with to help solve problems, guide in career advancement and to provide a point of escalation.Very flexible work/life balance and accommodating when life conflicts with standard working hours. Working from home is fine when needed, but folks are encouraged to be in the office as much as possible, which isn't a big hurdle given how pleasant a place it is.", "cons": "Can be very sink or swim - there is no deficiency of folks ready to help you be successful, but at the end of the day, there isn't much room here for folks not operating at a high level in their respective discipline.", "date": "2016-09-29"}, "empReview_12158311": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Awesome people! Awesome culture! Awesome benefits! Simply an awesome company to work with.", "cons": "There are legitimately no cons that I have experienced since joining WillowTree.", "date": "2016-10-02"}, "empReview_12113025": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The work culture at WillowTree is a great example of the team of teams methodology. Everybody has ownership of their work and is expected to perform. That said, it is a no ego culture, and so everyone is problem solving and sharing new ideas with each other. Leadership is very engaged, and will regularly stop and chat with you when you cross paths. The people that do function as mentors (or managers for lack of a better term) understand how to tap into individual potential, and are very socially adept. This is easily one of the best places to work for that I have come across. Being situated in one of the happiest town in America, surrounded by foodies, vineyards, and mountains is also a plus!", "cons": "The ebb and flow of work can sometimes mean that you have to sporadically protect your work-life balance. But the it seems team is staying on top this through well-timed hiring.", "date": "2016-09-28"}, "empReview_12119228": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Everyone at WT has a great attitude. The atmosphere is not at all corporate there is a real passion for craftsmanship here that you just don't see in most tech workplaces. Mobile is technically challenging but you will never hear someone at WT say that something is just \"good enough.\" On top of that, I have consistently been wowed by the depth of knowledge of many of my coworkers here. Great snacks in the kitchens, beer and kombucha on tap if that's your thing. Living Charlottesville is so much more pleasant than living in or near DC that it's not even funny. I decided years ago I wanted to work for WillowTree and since I joined the team earlier this year, it has only exceeded my expectations.", "cons": "The company is growing very quickly which brings some unknowns, but so far the wonderful company culture remains intact.", "date": "2016-09-29"}, "empReview_12112400": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "So much talent and knowledge between co-workers. People are always willing to share, help and are always aiming to create the best products possible.", "cons": "It can be difficult finding the right talent and people to fill the need we have in expanding the office(s) further.", "date": "2016-09-28"}, "empReview_11752537": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Great work culture, biweekly lunches, puppies, non-intern work that is flexible and up to your design.", "cons": "Parking in the NC office was not the greatest.", "date": "2016-08-31"}, "empReview_11714977": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Great environment to grow and contribute", "cons": "There were no cons, in my opinion.", "date": "2016-08-28"}, "empReview_11407076": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is an amazing place to work! Your first day is filled with overwhelming support from some of the nicest people in the world, who just want you to feel comfortable. The onboarding process at any job can seem overwhelming, but the Office Manager, HR, and the team leads make it so seamless. You're immediately given responsibility and expected to perform. That may sound a bit overwhelming but you have some of the smartest people in the industry as coworkers, who are more than willing to lend a helping hand. I've grown tremendously since I began working for WillowTree. Team lunches, Lunch and Learn, and office hours give you the means to improve your skills every day. The amount of dedication people have at WillowTree makes me never want to leave this place.", "cons": "Michael Prichard (CTO and Founder) and Mike Moore (CCO) are genuinely two of the nicest people I've ever met. The other executives are nice people but may not make as much of an effort to learn your name, or casually interact with you. Small things like this go a long way with people.", "date": "2016-07-30"}, "empReview_10258692": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "it's a great place to work! I like it a lot and can't imagine working anywhere else", "cons": "Sometime the details of projects get lost in teh shuffle. it pays to be vigilant about your project goals", "date": "2016-04-13"}, "empReview_9520139": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "As a mobile software engineer, WillowTree is one of the best places to work. Very interesting projects that need interesting solutions, leverage the combined experience of other engineers in the company, support extracurricular developer community work (talks, open source contributions, hosting meetups), paid conferences are just some of the few things that I haven't seen anywhere else. You can immediately tell that WillowTree realizes investing in their employees is a sound investment in the future of the company.All the normal stuff you expect at tech companies are also thrown in including top of the line MacBook Pros & accessories, free snacks & drinks, coffee, paid lunches, etc.", "cons": "None that I can think of.", "date": "2016-02-10"}, "empReview_9498487": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Great team, great projects, there's always something to learn, and always someone to help you if you need it.", "cons": "Work-Life balance can get a bit hectic", "date": "2016-02-08"}, "empReview_9328870": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is a team of smart, curious non-ego'd people working together to create great mobile software.", "cons": "None that I can think of at the moment.", "date": "2016-01-25"}, "empReview_8872173": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Working at WillowTree is a constant lesson in how to love your job. The management and employees work as hard as the can to make sure that everyone is excited to come in every day. Whether it is bussing everyone to the CEO's in-laws' house for launching pumpkins on the day before thanksgiving or surprising everyone with boozy brunch the day after a company-wide party, this company knows how to live by the work-hard, play-hard attitude.", "cons": "Dealing with clients can sometimes puncture the bubble of an otherwise perfect work environment. As release dates approach, coordinating with teams at other companies can be stressful.", "date": "2015-12-09"}, "empReview_6858660": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree is working with some of the highest profile consumer mobile apps and is working with unreleased technology. Shorter projects and fluid teams means you get to help ship multiple large projects per year.Seeings applications you've worked on being used in the real world is an amazing feeling.", "cons": "As a growing company, some process elements are still being defined. For example, two weeks ago there was almost a mixup on who was going to buy the Friday beer.", "date": "2015-06-10"}, "empReview_5826224": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "There's a lot of good things to say about WillowTree.Development:* There's a ton of freedom in choosing the technology you want to use. You're usually running your end of the project, so you choose the stack. If you have a better solution or a solution that works better for your project- great. You're not constricted.* More often than before projects have two people per platform. This is *great* because it leads to better code, faster deliverables, and less stress. There's also a sort of \"built in\" code review process when working in small teams that I think can be better than the traditional \"some other guy sort of looks at the code and approves it\" reviewing.* On the iOS side of things the company does a good job at following Apple's best practices as far as supporting the newest OS and devices goes.* I've made a few apps that have ended up featured by apple or other apple blogs, and that's an amazing feeling. A lot of personal goals have been met working on willowtree projects. You'll make stuff that will be used be millions of people- which is the coolest thing about software development in my opinion.Learning:* Having been at WillowTree so long I can say that I've never seen people grow as fast anywhere else (Including myself). We have a lot of great people here from all walks of life and they all have something new to bring to the table.* You may work on an AV project for a bit, then a health care project, then a location aware project, etc. This is great because you'll get to explore all sorts of APIs that you wouldn't get exposure to if you were always working on the same type of application.* If you want to flirt with technologies that aren't in your job description this is a great place to do it. I usually end up harassing the web and android teams about my little side projects all the time and they love offering their talent and knowledge.Clients:* I've worked with probably 10+ clients in my time here and I've really enjoyed all of them. I've have a lot of long lasting relationships with client's I'd consider good friends.* You interact with a lot of client development teams which can be a lot of fun. WillowTree is great at embedding itself into other companies when working with them. A few clients have told me that it feels more like working with co-workers than contractors when working with WillowTree.* You'll end up with some high profile clients and (though less often these days) some start up / new clients. Both of their upsides and downsides!Culture:* You are responsible for you and your project. Make sure you get your stuff done and always ask for help if you need it. You'll have no problems if you stay on top of things and keep everyone in the know.* WillowTree feels more like a group of friends then a bunch of co-workers. This has become more and more obvious as I've worked with more clients. It's rare to see the level of friendship and interaction that I see in our office in other offices.* As we've grown we're losing a little bit of the \"everyone knows everyone\" feeling but that's ok in some ways. It can be stressful to try to stay on top of every person and every project.* We all hang out outside of work. We do music, food, trips, sports, side projects, all kinds of stuff.* We've always had a hacker culture / R&D sort of motive. It gets awkward sometimes due to the space and amount of people, but there's something to be said for the fact that we're always trying to keep that alive and improve it.* I really love my co-workers and it's the best part of my day.* We do team lunches which is a fun way to share stuff with the team. We're getting to be a pretty big team (10 or 15 or so) so sometimes it's kind of awkward, especially when going out to eat as a team.Management:* Though I don't get to talk to them as much as I used to due to the growth and busy schedules, the CTO and CEO genuinely care about you and your project. They want you to be happy and writing good software, and they'll do anything within reason to help you do that.* Our new VP of software development is a really smart guy, and I think he's going to lead to a lot of good decisions down the road.* All of the team leads are very knowledgeable and great at what they do. My (iOS) team lead has been a huge influence on me and will always listen and help when he can. I really appreciate all the hard work these guys do and couldn't see myself being able to juggle so much responsibility they way they do it.* If you have a problem, a better way to do something, or a suggestion- tell someone. They'll actually listen. I was scared that as we got bigger this wouldn't be the case, but as we now have more resources we're able to do a lot more with peoples suggestions.Work / Life Balance:* \"Back in the day\" we all worked some pretty crazy hours, but we were so close and were having such a good time that it didn't really bother us so much. But that kind of thing isn't sustainable, and WillowTree is handling that.* If you manage your time and project correctly you'll work a fairly normal work week, 40-50 hours or so.* Towards the end of projects it's not unusual to have those few weeks of crunch time. I'd consider this normal for most any software company, especially client services.* Some people kind of end up getting screwed with 2 or more active projects and 1 or more maintenance projects. WillowTree is actively trying to ensure this doesn't happen with some new processes, but again with client service companies this is going to be a challenge.Location:* The office is right on the downtown mall. This means we're right by tons of great places to shop / eat / go out / coffee / whatever. This is a huge perk.* You'll get a parking pass to the water street garage. I live out of town so this is super nice when I want to hang out in cville on the weekends- prime parking for free!Design / UX:* Again having worked with a lot of other clients and their (lack of) design teams, we're very lucky to have the people we have. Our VP of UX has a good eye for hiring people who know what they're doing. I'm always impressed with what comes out of design and I think that's a lot more important to the development process than a lot of people acknowledge.* UX isn't just a buzzword at WillowTree- when these guys make designs they really think things through.QA:* We have an amazing QA team. I love these guys. You can submit your software to the app store and clients without being nervous and stressed out because it will have been hammered by these wonderful people.PM:* I really love interacting with clients and planning out how I want to do my project. I really don't love orchestrating all sides of a project on the WillowTree and client side. In the past it's usually been up to a WillowTree designer or developer to do this, but we're moving to PMs now (thank you thank you thank you) which is amazing. I *love* our PMs and they do an amazing job. Let's get more!Hardware / Software needs:* You'll get a nice new Macbook to work with, and if you ever need anything else they'll get it for you. Same goes for software.Salary / Benefits:* 401K is great. They'll have a guy some in and explain how it all works now and then before you go guess how to setup the stock things and pretend you know how to do that sort of stuff.* Insurance is good as far as I've had to use it..* A lot of us got stock options (I'm uncertain if they're still doing that).* For the area the pay is great. I'm very happy.* You could probably make a little more relatively speaking if you wanted to live in CA or NoVa. But once adjusted for cost of living it wouldn't be a deciding factor in another job for me.* You get to go to one conference a year! I've been to WWDC twice- both times were amazing experiences.* Before working at WillowTree I'd never been on a plane or visited many places out of state. Now I've been all over the place. I really like traveling for clients (If you don't like to travel they will make sure you aren't on projects that need it.)* I've been to a lot of Hackathons which is so much fun. WillowTree is good about sending you out to do events if you're into that sort of thing. I think this is a great way to let people know about who we are and see our talented people.", "cons": "Before going into Cons I want to say that WillowTree is *very very* good about listening to any issue you may have. They care if you're having problems, and if you have a solution or want to talk about it, they will listen. I've had various issues throughout the years and more often then not things get solved and improved. WillowTree is always trying to find new and better ways to do things- which is awesome.Projects:* Sometimes we accept or make deals with some fairly \"of course this isn't going to work\" conditions, then are surprised when things go south. Setting unrealistic deadlines against undeveloped / non-existent client APIs and unknown requirements is a recipe for unmaintainable code, pain on both us and the client, and burnout. We've been getting much better at this but now and then I hear about a new project and it's deadline / requirements and think really?* From time to time you'll end up with a somewhat \"boring\" / easy project- but sometimes these are nice between the more stressful ones. Depends on what you like.* We could be better about helping clients tone down their app to core functionality. Sometimes we end up doing apps with a lot of \"ok\" features instead of an app with a few really solid \"core\" features.Development:* A lot of the time I find myself having to write \"get it done code\". I'd like to be able to write more tests and take more time with my software, but sometimes due to deadlines we can't do this. I want to give the client what I think is my best work, and I'd like to think the client would be willing to pay for the time it takes to get quality software they can rely on.Growth:* Some of our meetings and things we did from the old days of the company aren't really scaling that well. We're not a big company yet but we certainly aren't a small one.* R&D / Beer:30 / Monday morning meeting all need to be thought out a bit more as we grow. I know we're working on this so that's a good thing!* The open office is pretty terrible most of the time. It's an awesome environment to learn and help others and know what's going on, but sometimes you need to do work too. The office space downstairs will fix a lot of problems with conference rooms and personal spots, but I'd rather the \"default\" be a quiet environment and you could go to a more communal spot if you wanted to. Web apps / BizDev / DevOps all have a pretty good setup. This being said I'd rather take the open office on the downtown mall than a more quiet office away from the mall. Sometimes we'll go work at the coffee shops on the mall when it gets so loud that you can't even think. Sometimes when I have a doctors appointment or am sick and I work from home, I'm amazed that I can do what feels like 2 days of work in a single day.* Our network and internet access is bad. Frequent drops throughout the day and slowdowns. Another problem we're working to fix, but we've been working to fix it for about 2 years.Transparency:* For the most part WillowTree is very transparent. A lot more than companies I've read about / had friends tell me about. But every now and then there's a decisions made that's sort of surprising.", "date": "2015-02-01"}, "empReview_5808946": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "People* I feel completely trusted and supported by the people here; my coworkers are bright and talented. If I ever feel stuck, or if I want to bounce an idea around, I am surrounded by curious and engaging coworkers. It's a great feeling knowing that people here have my back.Interesting Work* The work here is - to be honest - just so interesting. I wake up each morning excited to work on my projects, which span all sorts of industries and subject matter. I could work on an edgy healthcare solution, a video-streaming media app, or a live event app. There are always new, user-centered puzzles to be solved.* Additionally, WillowTree sets a budget each year for research and development to make sure the company is tackling new and innovative technologies. It's exciting knowing that our talents will grow each year and won't get stale in a deadline-driven cycle.Professional Development* There are rarely closed doors here; if there's a new tool or a better way of doing things, people are genuinely interested in hearing about it. I feel empowered to take my work in the direction it needs.* As a benefit, each employee can attend a relevant conference each year, supported by the company!Promotions* As there is generally little overhead here, hard work is directly noticed. The organization here is flat by design, which lets coworkers directly interact with each other. If someone is working hard, people pay attention.", "cons": "I spend too much money on coffee, as we're right next to gourmet coffee shops", "date": "2015-01-29"}, "empReview_5863124": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree has a great variety of work with lots of opportunities to learn and grow. The company maintains steady upward growth with increasingly more impressive clients. Leadership always keeps things \"fresh\" and encourages a positive work atmosphere without sounding fake.", "cons": "Desks are literally made of scraps of wood on ikea legs...I guess that adds to the lean-and-hungry start-up feel?", "date": "2015-02-06"}, "empReview_5816412": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The only limit to working here is your own ambition. Willowtree does an excellent job of encouraging its developers to grow and embrace new technologies. This coupled with working with high profile projects makes for an awesome work environment.Another major feather in Willowtree's hat is their ability and willingness to change for the better. The company went through non trivial growing pains and came out the other side a more transparent, solid company. They valued their employees and took what they said to heart. The result? A company I feel will listen and take care of its employees.", "cons": "None that they won't strive to fix.", "date": "2015-01-30"}, "empReview_5808970": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Working on different and challenging opportunities every day; team is smart, awesome and fun -- some of my best friends are here; almost no politics and little middle management; good work gets recognized; I learn something every week; only occasional travel; we get to go to one industry conference a year that WillowTree pays for -- love that", "cons": "tight quarters because of growth but sounds like that is going to be fixed soon; sometimes too many projects at once, but we make it happen!", "date": "2015-01-29"}, "empReview_5797101": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "* Developers are given a tremendous amount of autonomy in deciding how they build what they build. The interview is process is tough because once you're hired, you're trusted with real work that matters.* The projects the company works on are varied and interesting. Hardware integration, games, emerging platforms - we touch it all.* The company is constantly improving on providing a good work-life balance for its employees. WillowTree's huge growth has made this tricky at times, but the trend is positive and encouraging.* Amazing people. Big egos aren't part of the culture, and to a person, everyone has a good team-centered work ethic.* Benefits are good and getting better. Fair - and if you've been here long enough - generous leave plan, 401k, and compensation that's more or less unmatched in Charlottesville.", "cons": "* Space. The company is expanding, and we're in a part of Charlottesville where rent is high. Making sure everyone has enough of the type of space they want is a constant issue.* WillowTree has started employing project managers after a long period of having devs do all PM duties, but we don't have enough, and need more ASAP. (To be fair, recruiting is working hard on this front.)* The goal is to have developers working on one project at a time, but as with all client services companies, that can't always be a reality. Context switching can be a problem.", "date": "2015-01-28"}, "empReview_5777796": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Lots of perks: Company Macbook, Weekly Lunches, Happy Hour on Fridays. Tons of snacks and coffee in the kitchens.There's company matching on the 401k, Health Insurance, Dental Insurance. The only hours you're required to be in the office are from 10-4.Charlottesville in general is a great place to live and work, the fact that WillowTree is on the downtown mall is just awesome. I'm a five minute walk about from probably over 30 places to eat lunch, and twice the number of shops and stores. Tons of book stores stores too if you're into that sort of thing.The people who work here are really talented and know what they are doing. There's always different projects to work on every few weeks, most of them from big name companies.", "cons": "The official amount of hours available for PTO is a little lacking; however, they're pretty lenient on working from home if you're sick, kids are snowed in, etc.Definitely getting a tad crowded as we expand.", "date": "2015-01-26"}, "empReview_5777814": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I truly enjoy everyone I work with and love the team aspect in everything we do, no matter how big or small. The relaxed environment is absolutely a plus and promotes 'out of the box' thinking.", "cons": "Tight quarters so 'quiet time' is hard to come by but that issue will be resolved with the next few months.", "date": "2015-01-26"}, "empReview_5778494": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I love coming in every day to work with the highest functioning team I've ever been with. WillowTree has done an amazing job of bringing on very bright and motivated employees.Everyone has a great deal of responsibility in their day-to-day work and management generally takes a light touch when everything is going well. Management is also open to evolving and even throwing away current process if it isn't working.We all want to succeed and have cultivated a very intensive collaborative environment with the clear expectation of results, not excuses or finger-pointing.Charlottesville and the surrounding area is beautiful and great place to live and raise a family.", "cons": "As above, there is great responsibility on every single one of us and you have to be on your game every day. Everyone relies on the outputs of everyone else so if someone drops a ball it'll likely cause someone else pain. This probably adds to the stress level but the alternative is more management and less freedom and autonomy.Also some may be confused by the level of autonomy given them and actually find it constraining, as they may not see a way to fix a particular problem or don't see any one else fixing it. There is really a lot of room at WillowTree to take the initiative and try to address the problem or fill the gap.", "date": "2015-01-26"}, "empReview_5779114": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Very intelligent and hard working co-workers. Broad scope of projects allows one to never become bored or too comfortable.", "cons": "Open office structure can sometimes cause distractions. However, the addition downstairs will be open in a few weeks and it will have personal conference booths for when the distractions become too much.", "date": "2015-01-26"}, "empReview_5786285": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The culture at WillowTree is driven by really smart, creative people. Nothing is impossible at this company. Emphasis is placed upon learning, innovating and doing everything really, really well - craftsmanship.", "cons": "Open floor plan can sometimes be distracting.", "date": "2015-01-27"}, "empReview_5808697": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree has always felt more like a family to me than a group of people I work with. The company goes above and beyond to make sure you are both happy and feeling challenged in your current position, and the diversity of work and projects I have gotten experience with is awesome. Fast-paced and exciting, it feels like a west-coast company, but nestled away in Charlottesville.", "cons": "One slight con would be that the path for advancement isn't always 100% clear, but I also know it's something that's currently being improved, and I can already see the changes happening.", "date": "2015-01-29"}, "empReview_5782997": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Working at WillowTree will give you the opportunity to work on multiple different projects and broaden your skill set.You'll also get the opportunity to work with a group of hardworking, and intelligent people.", "cons": "The spaces are somewhat tight right now. (We are expanding)Depending on the project you're working on, or the client you're working for, there can be a lot of meetings.", "date": "2015-01-26"}, "empReview_5777401": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "There are a lot of very smart developers here who love nothing more than helping young developers learn. It's a very nurturing environment for developers and everyone here loves what they do. Talented developers are encouraged to complete their projects with whatever tools/frameworks they see fit and successful projects are rewarded.Each team gets a company sponsored lunch once a week and there is also company wide R&D lunch every Wednesday. There are a lot of social events for the employees. It's a tight-knit group", "cons": "It's a very lean company, so when a lot of work comes in it falls on the developers and designers to balance project workloads.", "date": "2015-01-26"}, "empReview_5725944": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The culture / people are great and it's the most fun I've had at workThe company trusts its employees to get things done without micromanaging", "cons": "How interesting the work is and ease of maintaining work/life balance often depends on the clients you getFlat structure means it's not a good fit for those who want to completely avoid project management tasks", "date": "2015-01-19"}, "empReview_5728411": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "One of the greatest things about WillowTree is that you're working alongside some of the most intelligent and forward-thinking software engineers in the mobile industry. You're not just a single developer struggling to find answers to problems and being hard-pressed for time by your company or clients. You can bounce ideas off of others who are doing the exact same things as you are, get folks to help you out with complicated problems, and build better applications because of it.WillowTree is flexible when it comes to management styles. If you prefer a more hands-off approach, you can certainly be left to your own devices to knock out an application in your own time and with your own plans. If you're interested in having a project manager to keep all of the giant pieces together, that's there, too. You get a great mix of software development styles but the bottom line is you will be able to get things done and get them done efficiently.I've also never worked somewhere with a more vibrant and fun atmosphere. We truly do love what we do.", "cons": "The first couple of weeks can be challenging but you always have engineers sitting right next to you who can help you out. There are only a handful of official company holidays but PTO has never been a problem for me.", "date": "2015-01-19"}, "empReview_5726215": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people are amazing; extremely smart and talented while somehow maintaining their humility. Great place to learn, grow, and create. Fun events: company parties, hackathons, and beer:30. Plus, you never go hungry with a stocked kitchen and team/R&D lunches. Bottom line, everyone has the ability to impact this company, hopefully for the better!", "cons": "Open office, while great in many ways, is difficult for making client calls (this is a work in progress).", "date": "2015-01-19"}, "empReview_5726389": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people are great. WillowTree really go out of their way to make sure that the people they hire are genuinely good, fun people. It's refreshing that they don't JUST go after talent (which they certainly do), and as a result there's practically no drama. Friday's beer+social hour is an excellent way to end the week.When it comes to assigning work and R&D projects, I feel like our unique interests and specialties are taken into account. I love that.No cubicle walls! For some that'd be a con, but personally it makes it infinitely easier to come in to work every day.", "cons": "As a company still in its relatively early stages, WillowTree is always growing and changing, so you need to be comfortable with being flexible.", "date": "2015-01-19"}, "empReview_5750461": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "It's a great place to work. Everyone here is smart and passionate. It's wonderful working at a place where everyone loves their job. Also, free beer!", "cons": "The office is getting a bit crowded because the company has outgrown it's space. Maybe that's a good thing? We are opening up a renovated downstairs soon.", "date": "2015-01-22"}, "empReview_5728585": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Great culture and team that gets it and gets it done. As generalists we work across industries (both consumer and enterprise facing) so you get a lot of exposure. You're not pigeonholed into a specific type of project either. Company is growing fast (3x INC 500 company) and is a building a rep as the thought leader for mobile in the US.", "cons": "Sometimes there's low visibility on where the company is headed from senior management.", "date": "2015-01-19"}, "empReview_5688133": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree employees some seriously smart, hard working people, and there's a lot of promise for it being an amazing place to work in the future. While WillowTree still has some problems, they're making the effort to improve everything about the company, from how projects are run to how people are managed, to the day to day working environment.WillowTree invests heavily in improving its employees as well, encouraging every employee to go to one conference a year, having company wide \"Lunch and Learn\" sessions as well as individual team lunches to encourage idea and knowledge sharing.", "cons": "It's a contracting company, so sometimes your experiences are based off of how good the clients you're working for are.The open office space is also a huge distraction, but they're working on that.", "date": "2015-01-13"}, "empReview_5811626": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "- Extremely talented and helpful coworkers- Vast variety of projects- Fun work environment- Management encourages personal growth & development", "cons": "Open office environment is challenging at times, hopefully new office space will alleviate some of that", "date": "2015-01-29"}, "empReview_5808599": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "* Awesome, friendly coworkers* Great location working in Charlottesville and the downtown mall, in particular, is a great spot* Opportunities to work on interesting and innovative projects* Perks: Bagel Mondays, Lunch and Learn Pizza Wednesdays, Team Lunches, Company Friday mini-parties once a month,\u00a0* Swag: Jackets, T-Shirts, Mugs, Stickers", "cons": "* Not always healthy work/life balance encouraged* Minimal company holidays", "date": "2015-01-29"}, "empReview_5659191": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Company is gaining more and more success and recognition.Company is extremely generous with amenities and rewards.Company is focused on innovation and forward movement.Company is very selective in its hiring process and sets its sights on those who are passionate about their work.", "cons": "If you are not self-motivated, you may find yourself frustrated here. The company relies on its employees going after what they need to do good work, and does not lead them by the hand. (some of us see this as another pro, though!)", "date": "2015-01-08"}, "empReview_5632585": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The people, the compensation, the work, the atmosphere, the culture, the hours, the location, the benefits, and much more!", "cons": "I honestly don't have anything negative to say about WillowTree.", "date": "2015-01-05"}, "empReview_5632845": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "* Always working on high profile, innovative products for a wide breadth of clients* Collaborative / super-smart and passionate team* Open door policy with management team, reasonably flat structure for size of the organization* Always working on products that ship on lean teams \u2014 your work makes a difference", "cons": "* high profile clients can often mean high pressure engagements", "date": "2015-01-05"}, "empReview_5632728": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "First thing I noticed when I started working here is the amazing environment, everyone is very nice, helpful, professional and very smart. I have learned so much in my time working here just by being around such amazing people. It is because of the accessibility of everyone working here I've been able to diversify myself into areas I never thought I would from project planning to backend, from UX design process to embedded systems, from leadership (DRI roles) to Front-end web development and much more.", "cons": "It doesn't snow so much on Charlottesville during the winter, which might be a pro for some but I like snow.", "date": "2015-01-05"}, "empReview_5632873": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "The People! I work with the smartest people int eh industry!! The culture of collaboration, innovation, and R & D is unparalleled at WillowTree.", "cons": "None so far, I have nothing negative to say about benefits, management, OR work environment.", "date": "2015-01-05"}, "empReview_5633588": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I like working with extremely smart people and being able to not only contribute, but learn from my colleagues. We work hard, but have great social gatherings and participate in work team sporting events, as well.", "cons": "It is a very \"heads down\" work environment most of the time, which can be tough for the more socially inclined people.", "date": "2015-01-05"}, "empReview_5632755": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "WillowTree has some of the best and most engaged group of developers, designers, and testers that I have ever had the pleasure of working with. Everyone here loves what they do and it really shows. It's a fairly flat organization where everyone has the ability to make an impact and everyone gets the opportunity to interact with clients. I really appreciate this trust that management puts into their employees and I think it makes for an overall better work experience.I am also consistently amazed by the diversity and quality of clients and work that WillowTree continues to retain. I have been able to do the best work of my life here and I'm grateful that I consistently get new and exciting projects to work on. I really can't express how great this place is.", "cons": "We've grown really fast over the past year and we've started running out of space, but I think our new office buildout should alleviate some of that issue.", "date": "2015-01-05"}, "empReview_5725905": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "Outstanding co-workers; interesting and challenging projects; great clients", "cons": "Working conditions are a bit cramped and distracting at times; salaries are slightly below average", "date": "2015-01-19"}, "empReview_5352479": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Fun atmosphere. Engaging work. Flexible hours. Great benefits. Would drink a beer with everyone here.", "cons": "Not really much in the way of cons.", "date": "2014-11-10"}, "empReview_5353458": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "- At WillowTree, You are constantly surrounded by smart people. I am always learning from the people I sit next to (open office!)- Exciting projects - Mobile moves fast, and the average project lasts around 3-4 months -- which means you never get bored and always learn new things. In the past year, I have build medical, sports, retail, and social/media apps!- Cutting-edge technology - I got a brand new MacBook when I started, and another one a few months ago. WillowTree buys the best for us. We also get a whole bunch of the latest and greatest phones when they launch.- Great work environment \u2014 music, social events, beer, hackathons, R&D projects- Bonuses and promotions are offered based on outstanding performance.- Downtown Charlottesville is the best place to work. There are about 10 coffee shops and endless restaurants within a 5 minute walk.", "cons": "Nothing, yet! I guess we are running low on space, but we bought the downstairs and are fixing it up right now!", "date": "2014-11-10"}, "empReview_5352617": {"rating": "4.0", "pros": "Lot's of different projects to work on. Friendly team to work with. Flexible work environment, though general office hours are observed. Fairly flat structure is a plus, as it keeps things relatively simple compared to many software companies. Very high standard and variety of work makes this place especially good for those looking to build and expand their skills. Good holiday package, free parking, snacks, healthcare, etc.", "cons": "Very much open-office, often busy and animated. Particularly in the native app (iOS, Android) part of the office. Which is either a pro or a con depending on your temperament. Some may find the environment distracting and have to find strategic ways to get some work done. Work often comes thick and fast, it's never boring. Most projects/sprints have tight, quick cycles. But it's mostly interesting and rewarding.", "date": "2014-11-10"}, "empReview_4934593": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "To me it's the people that make a place, and that couldn't be truer of WillowTree. My co-workers are genuine, funny, honest, and incredibly intelligent. There is a ton of work to do at all times here, and thankfully I have yet to come across anyone in this office I'd call \"a slacker.\" We have our share of stressors like any company that is actively growing, but from what I've observed the people who work here consistently \"rise to the occasion\" when challenges arise.", "cons": "There are no major cons to working here; I only have small critiques that I believe workplaces everywhere deal with from time to time (e.g. communication between teams).", "date": "2014-09-09"}, "empReview_4193673": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I have worked in a lot of different types of organizations, government, private companies and nonprofits and WillowTree Apps treats me better than any employer I have ever had. The management is always willing to help teach and mentor me, and I learn daily from the entire team. We have great opportunities to go to conferences, work with incredible clients, and truly experiment with new technology during R&D projects.I would recommend WTA to anyone!", "cons": "It takes discipline to maintain a work life balance, because the work is so enjoyable you want to do it in your spare time!", "date": "2014-05-08"}, "empReview_3842889": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Compared to other organizations I have been a part of, WillowTree Apps is really unique. The DRI (Directly Responsible Individual) system and overall environment is different and sets the company apart from others. The level of teamwork and the company culture is truly amazing... you are trusted to get your work done and take care of things without being micromanaged.", "cons": "Not really any cons... the DRI system can be stressful at first (everyone from designers to developers manage and interact with clients) but I have come to like it a lot.", "date": "2014-03-10"}, "empReview_3842875": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "I've been here for almost 3 years and I've learned so much. The opportunities to learn and implement bleeding edge technology is unparallelled. The open environment adds to the atmosphere and seems to encourage camaraderie among the groups that share the space.The co-workers here are the best part. No one is a douche and everyone gets along. There's not a single person here that I wouldn't drink a beer with, which is a nice segue into my next topic: Beer. More generally, the social events that WillowTree hosts in order to foster closer relationships among co-workers. Weekly beer:30's on Friday where we get a beer and just socialize. Weekly R&D meetings where we get pizza and talk about what's new in our technological world. It's something that is probably underrated by most. For a company like WillowTree to have the Esprit de corps that they have while still growing fairly rapidly is a feat in itself.The usual pros apply here as well: Good pay, they give you a Macbook to work on, 401k, profit sharing, etc. They're all nice, but nothing beats a workplace that you actually look forward to going to every weekday.", "cons": "I suppose the upward mobility is fairly limited, since the management structure is fairly flat. Also the open office is nice, but can get loud. Personally I like it, and it tends to become white noise most of the time.", "date": "2014-03-10"}, "empReview_3286318": {"rating": "3.0", "pros": "Working on cutting edge technology/apps, pipeline of work is non-stop", "cons": "Lack of PMs means you spend more time interacting with clients directly than getting code delivered", "date": "2013-11-08"}, "empReview_3151889": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "fun exciting projects, knowledgeable and friendly people all 'round.", "cons": "So far so good. :)", "date": "2013-10-07"}, "empReview_3101093": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "They take care of their employeesSmart, competent co-workersTurning out great work for clients", "cons": "When I think of one, I will revise my post.", "date": "2013-09-26"}, "empReview_2413252": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Very flat organization, so not a bunch of titles and management. Can talk to the owners of the company anytime you want. Everyone is made to feel important and valued; work is incredibly interesting and cutting edge; great culture and fun office; new ideas and improvements encouraged from everyone; everyone is accountable - no BS and no passing the buck.", "cons": "I haven't really found any.", "date": "2013-02-28"}, "empReview_1578440": {"rating": "5.0", "pros": "Willowtree has a very open work environment and very friendly employees and management (which there is little of). New projects are constantly opening allowing employees to work on what interests them, and have virtually entire control over design of what they are building. Quality of life is great and everyone talks to each other.Also beer friday and bowling!", "cons": "Not many! One downside is most mobile apps built are contracted so sometimes you dont have much control over what features are built. But you can always talk to the customer and convince them.", "date": "2012-06-09"}}}